hook ankle look an e-book come here you
could do the carousel to switch and wrap
[Applause]
- 40% 160 I just want to take care of my
grandma maybe go shopping every once in
a while when I was a kid I always wanted
to work with animals I was close these
Wall Street guys you see no pets in this
country I stole from everybody
hard-working people lost everything and
I'm one of these douche bags went to
jail the game is rigged and it does not
reward people who play by the rules
it's like robbing the bank except you
get the keys are you in these are my
co-workers jobs please
what if somebody calls the cops and says
what
I spent five thousand dollars at a strip
club send help we're family now a family
with money would you say that things got
out of control
[Music]
so the guy went back three more times
because he must feel like
[Music]
we didn't do anything wrong you know
Tony wouldn't let this happen I'm gonna
text them gave her her phone back
[Music]
you